[Workers] Add documentation for cf-tutor tool (#17627)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/get-started/cf-tutor.mdx

---
title: CLI guided learning
pcx_content_type: get-started
sidebar:
  order: 2
  badge:
    text: Beta
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Get started - CLI guided learning
---

import { Badge, Render } from "~/components";

> Cloudflare CLI tutor, or `cf-tutor` is a guided learning experience within your terminal. If you are unfamiliar with Workers or are new to command line interface (CLI) based development, cf-tutor offers introductions on how to use Workers with other Cloudflare products through your terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare CLI tutor, or `cf-tutor`, is a guided learning experience within your terminal. If you are unfamiliar with Workers, or are new to command line interface (CLI) based development, cf-tutor offers an introduction on how to use Workers with other Cloudflare products through your terminal.
```

> `cf-tutor` is currently a beta application in pre-release. To download the application, you can use the `git clone` in your terminal or download the application from the releases page on the project repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cf-tutor` is currently a beta application in pre-release. To download the application, you can use the `git clone` in your terminal, or download the application from the releases page on the project repo.
```

---
title: CLI guided learning (beta)
pcx_content_type: get-started
sidebar:
  order: 2
  group:

>     badge: Beta

Author: Still working on getting the beta tag to render properly.
